hey guys so I'm here today to film a DIY
cut up t-shirt tutorial for you I
couldn't find that one one that was just
a simple kind of slit up the back um
slit up the back kind of shirt I also
did a couple extra things I kind of
threw in some tips and tricks for you I
think it's a really cool tutorial I've
been watching nothing but t-shirts
Charles last few days cuz I don't want
to mess this up like I see innovated
recommend trying this on a shirt that
you either don't care if you ruin first
I did I did two trials first before I
got before I decided I was come for a
lot to do it on the shirt I wanted to do
it on and so I will be altering this
Underoath t-shirt to wear to a outdoor
music festival they're having a toronto
this weekend it's gonna be super hot so
on to our van key shirt but I knew that
if I wore gonna actual teacher and I die
so here's a little sneak peek at the
back it's gonna look awesome so if you
want to see how I did this keep watching
I'm gonna be using this Underoath
t-shirt I got this at hot topic for five
dollars on sale in their clearance
section you're obviously going to want
to do this with either shirt you don't
care about or private practice with a
shirt you don't care about first because
if you miss cut you miss cut and it's
over you're going to need three supplies
this is it you're going to need a pair
of scissors these are fiskars student
scissors i got these in the sewing
section at michaels so that's it you
need a ruler I would suggest a longer
one but this will work you're gonna need
some sort of marking utensil you can use
a pencil if you're using a black shirt
you can use a white eyeliner if you're
gonna wash the shirt first but I don't
have time to wash it first I've already
washed it I'm trying to wash it after I
cut it so if you use a white eyeliner
the white a Dirk is stay on there and
it's going to mark the shirt i'm using a
black pen because you can still see the
marks of this black pen on the black
shirt probability on camera but i can
see it with my own eyes so you're gonna
want to start by turning the shirt
insider inside out and the back is
facing up so I open it you can see the
design in there because obviously I want
to cut the front I'm pretty sure it
inside out so that
because when I'm marking it I'm probably
not gonna look not going to cut on the
lines perfectly so this will just be the
easiest way to do it I like to start
from the bottom and what I do is take
the ruler with my shirt up and you see
the bottom seam the bottom seam where
it's stitch here i use as a guideline so
i take my ruler and i put it just on top
of that and i'm going to make marks all
the way up the shirt ruler width apart
so i'll make a mark here doesn't have to
be in the middle or perfect or anything
i don't know if you guys can see that
mark but I can definitely see it with my
naked eye it's really hard with one hand
I really need to invest in a tripod so
that's that mark and then I'm just going
to keep moving up doing marks all up the
shirt about a ruler width apart you can
do it as thick apart electr you can
totally see the mark see there's the
mark there in there's the second mark
you can do it as thick or as thin as you
know and with as you want I'm just going
over the part because it's the easiest
for me you can measure a line all the
way up but i'm just lazy so yeah I'm
going to connect those and i will show
you what it looks like when i come back
okay so i'm an idiot and I thought the
camera was recording and it wasn't so I
missed a couple steps I'm gonna go
through with you right now so as you can
see i drew lines all at the back of the
shirt it's actually really easy to see
the black pan on the black shirt so i
would suggest that because it's the
easiest to kind of camouflage once the
shirt is on um I drew I think I said 18
lines from the bottom to the top of the
shirt and then i went ahead and i cut
the sleeves and the collar off so what
you're going to do is cut just outside
of the stitching kind of the threading
of the are the seam is what i meant of
the sleeves because if you cut too far I
find that if you cut off too much of
this part here you're going to end up
showing a lot of side boob and you're
gonna end up kind of making it too
skanky to wear which is cool because you
were with bando but I just like it a
little bit higher in the
I then you can always go back and cut it
more once you put it on so what I do is
I cut the sleeves in the collar and then
I put it on and realize that the caller
was too high for me so I cut the collar
really low in the back and I cut it on
the front just above the letters because
I still want to be able to see the band
name obviously so that's what I've done
so far and now you're going to start
cutting I did one cut because I thought
my camera was recording so I'm gonna
start with a second line and what you do
is your going to pinch the fabric up
like this sorry you know I pinch it
together like this and you're just going
to take your scissors and you're going
to do a little snip on the line like
that this will create a little pocket
for you to put your scissors in and then
just cut a straight line across now you
can cut as far as you want I'm going to
cut to here and then maybe go farther
after I'm going to do the whole shirt
and then I'll come back so once the back
your shirt is all cut up it will look
like this I didn't go all the way up to
the top I left this much space at the
top just because that's what I wanted to
do once I put it on if I find that I
want to cut another line I'll cut
another line now I was an idiot and I
cut right through my shirt at one point
so that's fun i'm gonna ignore that in
try to fix it after and I think it'll
just add to the graduated but I'm I just
kind of ripped the front of a little bit
to add to it but what I'm going to what
you do now is you just stretch the shirt
so you basically just pull the shirt
from side to side and just stretch out
every single one of these things
individually so I'll do that and be back
so this is the finished product as you
can see cut the neck line just above the
words it's a little jagged but I mean
obviously to us to look perfect you
should be able to tell that i cut it up
myself is what the sleeves look like
once I've tied them together I think it
just makes the sleeves up a little bit
sitting my tan look better what's gonna
happen from a nice boat neck and this is
what the back looks like I think it
looks so awesome I color a black bra
with this instead of pink but just what
I'm wearing today deal with it it just
looks so awesome i'm so loving the shirt
was too long
and I cut I can cut the bottom off so
what I didn't have a big slit in the
shirt so recommend being very careful
when cutting the slopes at the slit up
the back but I think this is a super
awesome rocker shirt I know that the
tutorial is great because you couldn't
see me doing a lot of stuff but
hopefully because you can see step by
step it helped it I'm gonna try to look
into getting a tripod so maybe i can
fill my other one of these shortly I'm
also gonna try to fill my outfit of the
day on the day that I wear this to the
concert so thanks guys for watching and
I'll talk to you later bye